Wrapping sections of our UI with security is actually quite easy.
We can use the Spring Security tag library to determine whether
someone is authenticated, and once that is verified,
display their username or other info.
You can see that is what we have done here in this code.
We only show this if that person is authenticated,
as you can see where we evaluate that expression. And if they are,
we can then grab their name and display it.
Let's add that to our registration page now,
and we'll show basic information, whether they're logged in or not,
and how to navigate that a little differently based off of an isAuthenticated versus not authenticated status.